Update warning on how and when to use the `unbind` command (#2000)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/tools/neo4j-admin/unbind.adoc

You can use the `neo4j-admin server unbind` command to remove and archive the cluster state of a cluster server so that it can rebind to a cluster.

[WARNING]
====

> Avoid running the `unbind` command on all servers, as this results in the loss of cluster quorum.

Reviewer: We can loose quorum even when running unbind on any amount of servers depending on the setup the customer is using. Basically unbind is force removing a server which has no respect for minimum cluster size etc.

Perhaps this can warn that running unbind always has a chance of quorum loss

Author: I was under impression that we need directly warn against running this command on all servers as users do it trying to fix their clusters.

Author: I rewrote the warning. I hope it will help users understand differences between the `unbind` command in 4.4 and in 5.x.

> In Neo4j 5.x, use the `unbind` command only when troubleshooting a specific server and you need to convert it into a standalone instance.

Reviewer: You don't have to want to convert it to a standalone instance (I know this was said by field in the chat). I would just merge this sentence with the next. Like

In Neo4j 5.x, use the `unbind` command only when troubleshooting a specific server and keep in mind there is no guarantee that the allocator will reassign the same databases to this server, potentially resulting in orphaned database stores.
The `unbind` command preserves all database stores on the server; and when the unbound server is restarted and enabled, it is seen as an entirely new server.

You can use the `neo4j-admin server unbind` command to remove and archive the cluster state of a cluster server so that it can rebind to a cluster.

[WARNING]
====
Due to the new clustering architecture in Neo4j 5.x, the behavior of the `unbind` command has changed significantly compared to Neo4j 4.4.

> Running the `unbind` command on any number of servers may result in the loss of cluster quorum, what affects the clustering functionality severely.

Author: ```suggestion
Running the `unbind` command on any number of servers may result in the loss of cluster quorum, severely affecting clustering functionality.
```
